fix(blog): blog tag audit and overhaul (#15979)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/blog/2017-02-21-1-0-progress-update-where-came-from-where-going/index.md

The final pieces for theme support are coming soon. Gatsby's theme system will
have some unique properties. You'll be able to add multiple themes to a site. So

> you could start a site with a "gatsby-for-blogs" theme and later add on a "portfolio" theme.

Reviewer: Bitten by find and replace, haha 🙃 

```suggestion
you could start a site with a "blog" theme and later add on a "portfolio" theme.
```
